[12.0][ADD] sale_order_incoterm_place (#1299)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_incoterm_place/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module deos the following:

> - Add "Place of Destination" field to sales order as supplementary information of the incoterms, display in sale order and pro-forma printing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the "Incoterm Place" field to sales order as supplementary information of the selected incoterm. The input value will show in the printed sales order / pro-forma invoice.
```
